this is unbelievable Pheebs how can you
be married well I mean I'm not married
married you know he was just a friend
and he's gay and he was from Canada and
he just needed a green card I can't
believe you marry Duncan I mean how
could you not tell me when we lived
together we told each other everything
I'm sorry Monica but I know if I told
you you'd get really like judgmental and
you would not approve of course I
wouldn't approve I mean you were totally
in love with this guy hello was gay I
mean what the hell were you thinking
saying you thought she'd be judgmental
okay I wasn't in love with him and I was
just helping out a friend
please when he left town you stayed in
your pajamas for a month and I saw you
eat a cheeseburger well didn't you
I might have can't believe you didn't
tell me oh come on like you tell me
everything well what have I not told you
oh I don't know um how about the fact
that the underwear out there on the
telephone pole is yours from when you
were having sex with fun Bobby out on
the terrace
you are dead meat I didn't know is a big
secret oh it's not big at all you know
kind of the same lines is say oh I don't
know having a third nipple
third nipple
here bitch whip it out whip it out
there's not gonna see it just a tiny
bump it's totally useless Oh as opposed
to your other multifunctional nipples
can't believe you you told me it was a
nubbin so what do you think an oven was
I don't know you see something you hear
a word I thought that's what it was
let me see it again Joey was in a porno
movie
if I'm going down I'm taking everybody
with me all right all right I was young
and I just wanted a job okay but at the
last minute I couldn't go through with
it so they let me be the guy who comes
in to fix the copier but can't cuz
there's people having sex I'm so what's
it shaped like is there hair what
happens if you flick it so what does it
do anything you know special why yes
Ross pressing my third nipple opens the
delivery entrance to the magical land of
Narnia you know in summer cultures
having a third nipples actually a sign
of virility you get the best huts and
women dance naked around you huh are any
of these cultures perchance in the
tri-state area I know you are so amazing
is there anything you you don't know hey
Jimmy
that's not Jimmy special look honey I
wanted you to hook up with Ross as much
as you did what he's with her now I'm
just gonna have to get over it oh I'm
gonna have to get over it cuz I see I
know that's what I have to do I just
have to get over it
um I'm gonna go meet Duncan he's skating
tonight at the garden he's in the
Capades the Ice Capades no no the gravel
Capades
yeah the turns aren't as fast but when
Snoopy Falls bunny I can't believe
you're dressing up for him I mean just
you're setting yourself up all over
again okay no for your information I'm
going to see him so I can put all those
feelings behind me okay and the reason
I'm dressed like this is because I think
it's nice to look nice for your gay
husband darn it we're all out of milk
hey Chandler would you fill me up here
oh I see I see because of the third
nipple thing